# Substantia
Substantia is an imaginary exclusive content platform. It allows the creators to post content for their fans behind the paywall. The concept is similar to platforms like Patronite or OnlyFans. Users can create accounts and subscribe to their favorite creators or create their own profile to post exclusive, paid content. Creators can publish posts with images, videos and polls, the fans can interact with the posts with a heart, comment and reply to comments. When creating a profile, the creator can post a video that will be visible to people that haven't subscribed to them yet as a encouragement to buy the membership. The creator can set the monthly subscription price that can be maximum 200 PLN. As for the technical aspects of the project, the graphic design is made by me in Figma, backend is built in NodeJS (Typescript), database is PostgreSQL, and ORM is Prisma. It's built in MVC architectural pattern to ensure readability and maintainability of the code. It also has tests written in supertest and vitest. Subscription system is implemented with Stripe. All the user submitted files like: avatars, banners, videos for unsubscribed users, post images and videos are sent and stored in a private container on Microsoft's cloud thanks to the Azure Blob Storage service. It's an additional security layer for content that should only be available on subscribers' demand so the URLs to the resources expire after a specified time period depending on the type of it. Sending files to the actual REST API is made with Multer library. User authorization is implemented with JWTs in request headers. To send a password resetting e-mail to the user requesting it I used NodeMailer library and Google's SMTP server. Switching to the frontend, it's build in ReactJS (Typescript) with Vite bundler, styled with TailwindCSS, to communicate with the backend I used Axios library and the automated tests are written with libraries like: vitest, @testing-library/react, @testing-library/jest-dom and axios-mock-adapter. For simple deployment and browsing the app on any computer I prepared Dockerfiles both for the backend and the frontend along with docker-compose.yml file in the main directory.
